# Missing Manula

(c) 2020 G Coleman All Rights Reserved


## To Use in SR

- Add auth or use external `auth_server/authz/ext_authz.go`
- - Looks like we can use a command line program. So maaune a cli type program to call our API.
- - Need to understand groups and levels with auth and the params passed to command.

- There is also a User written authentication plugin

### Questions
- Where are the images stored ?
- Where do we add Lets Encrypt certs

## Design



The Server is run from `/auth_server/server/server.go `

We have a structure

```
type authRequest struct {
	RemoteConnAddr string
	RemoteAddr     string
	RemoteIP       net.IP
	User           string
	Password       api.PasswordString
	Account        string
	Service        string
	Scopes         []authScope
	Labels         api.Labels
}

```



The function `func (as *AuthServer) Authenticate(ar *authRequest) (bool, api.Labels, error) ` retruns true if ANY auth succeeds so we need to handle that.

## License 

Apache, Commercial use OK. The Apache 2.0 license does not contain any copyleft requirements that would require you to share your modified source code.


To my understanding, if I modify the library, I need to give the source of the library with the changes highlighted.
No, you have no such obligation. The Apache 2.0 license does not contain any copyleft requirements that would require you to share your modified source code.

	From the Apache License FAQ:

	I HAVE MADE CHANGES TO AN APACHE PACKAGE AND I WANT TO DISTRIBUTE THEM. DO I NEED TO CONTRIBUTE THEM TO THE APACHE SOFTWARE FOUNDATION?

No. You can keep your changes a secret if you like. Maybe your modifications are embarrassing, maybe you'll get rich selling those improvements. Whatever. But please seriously consider giving your changes back! We all benefit when you do.
The only obligations you have when redistributing the binaries of an Apache-licensed project are detailed in Section 4, subsection a, b, and d:

	a. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

	b. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating that You changed the files; and

	[...]

	d. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of the following places: [...] within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. [...]
